{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red45\green53\blue61;\red255\green255\blue255;\red44\green107\blue255;\red117\green135\blue151;\red74\green86\blue98;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c23137\c27059\c30588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c21961\c51765\c100000;\cssrgb\c53333\c60000\c65882;\cssrgb\c36078\c41176\c45882;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21580\viewh14000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.continualai.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 https://www.continualai.org}}
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/resources/course-materials"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Course Materials}}\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/c/ContinualAI/videos"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul ContinualAI}}\ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://continualai.discourse.group/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 https://continualai.discourse.group}}\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ContinualAI/continual-learning-baselines"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://github.com/ContinualAI/continual-learning-baselines}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ContinualAI/continual-learning-papers"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://github.com/ContinualAI/continual-learning-papers}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ContinualAI/colab"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://github.com/ContinualAI/colab}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ContinualAI/avalanche"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://github.com/ContinualAI/avalanche}}
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs96 \cf5 \cb6 Course Materials\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/lectures/introduction"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Introduction & Motivation}}\uc0\u8203 \cf8 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 Classic readings on catastrophic forgetting
\f2\b0 \cb1 \

\f1\b \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/09540099550039318"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0 \cf7 Catastrophic Forgetting; Catastrophic Interference; Stability; Plasticity; Rehearsal.}}
\f2\b0  by and Anthony Robins. 
\f3\i Connection Science
\f2\i0 , 123--146, 1995.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.aaai.org/Papers/Symposia/Spring/1993/SS-93-06/SS93-06-007.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Using Semi-Distributed Representations to Overcome Catastrophic Forgetting in Connectionist Networks}} by and Robert French. 
\f3\i In Proceedings of the 13th Annual Cognitive Science Society Conference
\f2\i0 , 173--178, 1991. [sparsity]\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Check out additional material for popular reviews and surveys on continual learning.
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cs.uic.edu/~liub/lifelong-machine-learning.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Lifelong Machine Learning}}, Second Edition. by Zhiyuan Chen and Bing Liu. Synthesis Lectures on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, 2018.\
\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/lectures/understanding-catastrophic-forgetting"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Understanding Catastrophic Forgetting}}
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8203 \cf8 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 Classic references on Catastrophic Forgetting provided above.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/2101.07295"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Does Continual Learning = Catastrophic Forgetting?}}, by A. Thai, S. Stojanov, I. Rehg, and J. M. Rehg,  arXiv, 2021.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openreview.net/forum?id=BJlxm30cKm"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 An Empirical Study of Example Forgetting during Deep Neural Network Learning}}, by M. Toneva, A. Sordoni, R. T. des Combes, A. Trischler, Y. Bengio, and G. J. Gordon, ICLR, 2019.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://papers.nips.cc/paper/5059-compete-to-compute.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Compete to Compute}}, by R. K. Srivastava, J. Masci, S. Kazerounian, F. Gomez, and J. Schmidhuber, NIPS, 2013 (
\f1\b Permuted MNIST task
\f2\b0 ).\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/lectures/scenarios-and-benchamarks"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Scenarios & Benchmarks}}
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8203 \cf8 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 CL scenarios
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.07734"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Three scenarios for continual learning}}
\f1\b , 
\f2\b0 by G. M. van de Ven and A. S. Tolias,
\f1\b  
\f2\b0 Continual Learning workshop at NeurIPS, 2018. 
\f1\b task/domain/class incremental learning
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0893608019300838"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continuous Learning in Single-Incremental-Task Scenarios}},
\f1\b  
\f2\b0 by D. Maltoni and V. Lomonaco, Neural Networks, vol. 116, pp. 56\'9673, 2019. 
\f1\b New Classes (NC), New Instances (NI), New Instances and Classes (NIC) + Single Incremental (SIT) /Multi (MT) /Multi Incremental (MIT) Task
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/papers/Aljundi_Task-Free_Continual_Learning_CVPR_2019_paper.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Task-Free Continual Learning}}, by R. Aljundi, K. Kelchtermans, and T. Tuytelaars, CVPR, 2019.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/2009.00919"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual Prototype Evolution: Learning Online from Non-Stationary Data Streams}}, by M. De Lange and T. Tuytelaars, ICCV, 2021. 
\f1\b Data-incremental and comparisons with other CL scenarios\

\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Survey presenting CL scenarios 
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1566253519307377"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual Learning for Robotics: Definition, Framework, Learning Strategies, Opportunities and Challenges}} by Timoth\'e9e Lesort, Vincenzo Lomonaco, Andrei Stoian, Davide Maltoni, David Filliat and Natalia D\'edaz-Rodr\\\uc0\u501 uez. 
\f3\i Information Fusion
\f2\i0 , 52--68, 2020.
\f3\i  
\f4\b Section 3, in particular.\

\f2\i0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 CL benchmarks
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://proceedings.mlr.press/v78/lomonaco17a.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 CORe50: a New Dataset and Benchmark for Continuous Object Recognition}},
\f1\b  
\f2\b0 by
\f1\b  
\f2\b0 V. Lomonaco and D. Maltoni, Proceedings of the 1st Annual Conference on Robot Learning, vol. 78, pp. 17\'9626, 2017.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/1911.06487"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 OpenLORIS-Object: A Robotic Vision Dataset and Benchmark for Lifelong Deep Learning}}, by Q. She et al. ICRA, 2020.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPR_2019/html/Stojanov_Incremental_Object_Learning_From_Contiguous_Views_CVPR_2019_paper.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Incremental Object Learning From Contiguous Views}}, by S. Stojanov et al., CVPR, 2019. 
\f1\b CRIB benchmark
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_CVPRW_2020/html/w15/Roady_Stream-51_Streaming_Classification_and_Novelty_Detection_From_Videos_CVPRW_2020_paper.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Stream-51: Streaming Classification and Novelty Detection From Videos}}, by
\f1\b  
\f2\b0 R. Roady, T. L. Hayes, H. Vaidya, and C. Kanan, CVPR 2019.\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/lectures/evaluation-protocols-and-metrics"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Evaluation & Metrics}}
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8203 
\f2\b0\fs28 \cf9 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf8 \cb6 Slides PDF\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/1812.00420"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Efficient Lifelong Learning with A-GEM}}, by A. Chaudhry, M. Ranzato, M. Rohrbach, and M. Elhoseiny, ICLR, 2019.  
\f1\b Evaluation protocol with "split by experiences"
\f2\b0 .\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.08840"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Gradient Episodic Memory for Continual Learning}}, by D. Lopez-Paz and M. Ranzato, NIPS, 2017. 
\f1\b popular formalization of ACC, BWT, FWT.
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb6  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/2110.03331"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 CLEVA-Compass: A Continual Learning EValuation Assessment Compass to Promote Research Transparency and Comparability}}, by M. Mundt, S. Lang, Q. Delfosse, and K. Kersting, arXiv, 2021.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/1810.13166"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Don\'92t forget, there is more than forgetting: new metrics for Continual Learning}}, by N. D\'edaz-Rodr\'edguez, V. Lomonaco, D. Filliat, and D. Maltoni, arXiv, 2018. 
\f1\b definition of additional metrics\

\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/lectures/strategies"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Methodologies [part 1]}}
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8203 \cf8 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 Replay 
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://openaccess.thecvf.com/content_cvpr_2017/papers/Rebuffi_iCaRL_Incremental_Classifier_CVPR_2017_paper.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 GDumb: A Simple Approach that Questions Our Progress in Continual Learning}}, by A. Prabhu, P. H. S. Torr, and P. K. Dokania, ECCV, 2020.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2019/hash/15825aee15eb335cc13f9b559f166ee8-Abstract.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Online Continual Learning with Maximal Interfered Retrieval}}, by R. Aljundi et al., NeurIPS, 2019. \
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Latent replay
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ras.papercept.net/images/temp/IROS/files/0596.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Latent Replay for Real-Time Continual Learning}}, by Lorenzo Pellegrini, Gabriele Graffieti, Vincenzo Lomonaco, Davide Maltoni,  IROS, 2020.\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Generative replay
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://papers.nips.cc/paper/6892-continual-learning-with-deep-generative-replay.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual Learning with Deep Generative Replay}}, by H. Shin, J. K. Lee, J. Kim, and J. Kim, NeurIPS, 2017.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-17866-2"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Brain-inspired replay for continual learning with artificial neural networks}}, by G. M. van de Ven, H. T. Siegelmann, and A. S. Tolias, Nature Communications, 2020 \
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/lectures/methodologies-part-2"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Methodologies [part 2]}}
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8203 \cf8 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 L1, L2, Dropout
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1312.6211"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 An Empirical Investigation of Cata}}\uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1312.6211"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 trophic Forgetting in Gradient-Based Neural Networks}}, by Goodfellow et al, 2015.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06958.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Understanding the Role of Training Regimes in Continual Learning}}, by Mirzadeh et al., NeurIPS, 2020.\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Regularization strategies
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.09282.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Learning without Forgetting}}, by Li et al., TPAMI 2017.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.00796.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Overcoming catastrophic forgetting in neural networks}}, by Kirkpatrick et al, PNAS 2017.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1703.04200.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual Learning Through Synaptic Intelligence}}, by Zenke et al., 2017.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1906.00695"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual learning with hypernetworks}}, by Von Osvald et al., ICLR 2020.\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Architectural strategies
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/1907.03799.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Rehearsal-Free Continual Learning over Small Non-I.I.D. Batches}}, by Lomonaco et al, CLVision Workshop at CVPR 2020.
\f1\b  CWR*
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.04671"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0 \cf7 Progressive Neural Networks}}
\f2\b0 , by Rusu et al., arXiv, 2016.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.05769"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 PackNet: Adding Multiple Tasks to a Single Network by Iterative Pruning}}, by Mallya et al., CVPR,  2018.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1801.01423"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Overcoming catastrophic forgetting with hard attention to the task}}, by Serra et al., ICML, 2018
\f1\b .
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.14769.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Supermasks in Superposition}}, by Wortsman et al., NeurIPS, 2020.\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/lectures/methodologies-part-3-applications-and-tools"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Methodologies [part 3] & Applications}}
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8203 \cf8 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 Hybrid strategies
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.08840"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Gradient Episodic Memory for Continual Learning}}, by Lopez-Paz et al, NeurIPS 2017 
\f1\b GEM
\f2\b0 .\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.07725"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 iCaRL: Incremental Classifier and Representation Learning}}, by Rebuffi et al, CVPR, 2017.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/resources/course-materials#invited-lectures"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Progress & Compress: A scalable framework for continual learning}}, by Schwarz et al, ICML, 2018.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ras.papercept.net/images/temp/IROS/files/0596.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Latent Replay for Real-Time Continual Learning}}, by L. Pellegrini et al., IROS 2020 
\f1\b AR1*
\f2\b0 .\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Applications
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.13127"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual Learning at the Edge: Real-Time Training on Smartphone Devices}}
\f1\b , 
\f2\b0 by L. Pellegrini et al.,  ESANN, 2021.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.05202v2"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual Learning in Practice}} by T. Diethe et al., Continual Learning Workshop at NeurIPS, 2018.\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Startups / Companies: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cogitai.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0 \cf7 CogitAI}}
\f2\b0 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.neurala.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Neurala}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gantry.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Gantry}}\uc0\u8203 \cb1 \

\f1\b \cb6 Tools / Libraries: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://avalanche.continualai.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0 \cf7 Avalanche}}
\f2\b0 , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Continvvm/continuum"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continuum}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/lebrice/Sequoia"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Sequoia}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/imirzadeh/CL-Gym"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 CL-Gym}}\uc0\u8203 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/lectures/frontiers-in-continual-learning"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Frontiers in Continual Learning}}
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8203 \cf8 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cell.com/trends/cognitive-sciences/fulltext/S1364-6613(20)30219-9"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Embracing Change: Continual Learning in Deep Neural Networks}}, by Hadsell et al., Trends in Cognitive Science, 2020. 
\f1\b Continual meta learning - Meta continual learning
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.13490"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Towards Continual Reinforcement Learning: A Review and Perspectives}}, by Khetarpal et al, arXiv, 2020.
\f1\b  
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2019/file/861578d797aeb0634f77aff3f488cca2-Paper.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual Unsupervised Representation Learning}}
\f1\b , 
\f2\b0 by
\f1\b  
\f2\b0 D. Rao et al., NeurIPS 2019.\
\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Distributed Continual Learning\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/2112.06511"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0 \cf7 Ex-Model: Continual Learning from a Stream of Trained Models}}
\f2\b0 , by Carta et al., arXiv, 2021. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf5 \cb6 Continual Sequence Learning\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0893608021002847"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0 \cf7 Continual learning for recurrent neural networks: An empirical evaluation}}
\f2\b0 , by Cossu et al, Neural Networks, vol. 143, pp. 607\'96627, 2021.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://arxiv.org/abs/2105.07674"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Continual Learning with Echo State Networks}}, by Cossu et al., ESANN, 2021. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\i\b\fs48 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://course.continualai.org/invited-lectures/invited-talks"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Invited Lectures}}
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8203 \cf8 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 Software\cf8 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ContinualAI/avalanche"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 Avalanche: an End-to-End Library for Continual Learning}}, the software library based on PyTorch used for the coding session of this course.\cb1 \
\cb6 \uc0\u8203 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/ContinualAI/colab"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 ContinualAI Colab notebooks}}, coding continual learning from scratch in notebooks}